welcome to Salt Lake City Utah Victory's
garage man
now we're going to do a controller for a
power supply on the Grim Reaper - phone
plugs rheostat it needs to be at least
35 ohms so that it will operate it on 12
volts like this one for 1820 with a
female to plug in so like I always try
to cut a little bit of the pole make it
bigger so you can get your hands in
Dremel tools works good just as much
space you see now you have big space to
get your stuff into it now start
drilling always drill a little bigger
than the size that you need so your
phone folks Jackson and work better you
can fit in better just be precise and
drill all the slow speeds or non Racine
made figures when you work too hard too
fast on them
it gets hot man it's a pain in the butt
you see when you work a little slow and
carefully really precise you're going to
get to see them the parts of the
material just crawling down around the
drill bit say you don't have to have
always clean up your man's man that does
from the Racine is pretty touching and
stick everywhere sometimes you have to
grind all the time by the horse just to
get the thickness and enough so you can
get you luck not inside someplace a lot
of grinding but is better for the reels
that you gotta cut the little tips
inside is like a folder thing so when
you turn the knob the hole realtor won't
spin same make a sharpie point on it
then they put the knob type C which is
burly faith
now we have all the parts phone jacks
the plug for the electric and the
rheostat any wire will tell me to
connect all the stuff like I always use
the tweezers and a solder in pain just
with the space is easier and always put
soldering iron and the tips of your
wires before you saw them make it easier
and faster you say all together now now
in this test this is one of the machines
that I did with a tube handles of knives
this power supply works good you see as
a decoration and has balls 12 volt 1 amp
say this machine is made only for the
two handles and a little piece of steel
on the bottom drill and tap with threads
see if it's pretty good and rinse really
good any power supplies you have could
be used for these vivid eyes you can
change the the power supplies as long as
they are 12 volts as well as the 18 or
20 they still work with this machines
like this ones they say you can always
use any of those if you change them this
is another machine that I want to test
with this and this is a made out of a
Chinese coins which I need dragons on
the coils and as you see the bottom the
screws on the coils is what it gives the
frame together all righty now we have
this 12 volt power supplies grim reaper
less than TC mum where they ready to go
man hope you can do it thank you
you